README.md, before:

voice.js 
========


## What is it?
It's the Google Voice library for [node.js](http://nodejs.org/).

It builds on and improves [node-google-voice](https://github.com/amper5and/node-google-voice), the original node.js Google Voice library.

It currently allows you to:

* place calls
* send texts
* access and manipulate GV conversations
* access and manipulate GV forwarding phones
* access and manipulate GV settings
* access and manipulate GV contacts
* access and manipulate GV call groups
* access and manipulate GV greetings
* access and manipulate GV webcall widgets


## Installation
Install via [npm](https://npmjs.org/package/voice.js):

	npm install voice.js

The version on npm may not reflect all the latest changes, especially during times of heavy development. To get the most up-to-date version, download [the current master zip file](https://github.com/amper5and/voice.js/zipball/master), then run the following code from inside the folder:

	npm install


## Dependencies

* [node.js](http://nodejs.org) 
* [googleclientlogin](https://github.com/Ajnasz/GoogleClientLogin)
* [xml2js](https://github.com/Leonidas-from-XIV/node-xml2js)
* [request](https://github.com/mikeal/request)

[npm](https://github.com/isaacs/npm) should take care of dependencies, but in case it fails to do so, try installing these modules (and *their* dependencies) independently.


## API
The API documentation is in `docs/API.md`. Also, see the examples for clarifications. 


## License
MIT License. See LICENSE.


## Conclusion
Google does not have an official Google Voice API. Therefore, the nature of the requests and returned data can change without notice. It is unlikely to change often or soon, but I will make all efforts to keep up with the most current implementation. If you have any issues, please give me a shout, and I'll do my best to address them.

Commit message:

added msg about Google response changes

README.md, after:

voice.js 
========

## Update 4/16/2013:
Google has changed many of it's responses. Many of the examples in the /examples folder need to be updated to account for these changes. When all else fails, look at the raw responses to determine how the data is returned. 


## What is it?
It's the Google Voice library for [node.js](http://nodejs.org/).

It builds on and improves [node-google-voice](https://github.com/amper5and/node-google-voice), the original node.js Google Voice library.

It currently allows you to:

* place calls
* send texts
* access and manipulate GV conversations
* access and manipulate GV forwarding phones
* access and manipulate GV settings
* access and manipulate GV contacts
* access and manipulate GV call groups
* access and manipulate GV greetings
* access and manipulate GV webcall widgets


## Installation
Install via [npm](https://npmjs.org/package/voice.js):

	npm install voice.js

The version on npm may not reflect all the latest changes, especially during times of heavy development. To get the most up-to-date version, download [the current master zip file](https://github.com/amper5and/voice.js/zipball/master), then run the following code from inside the folder:

	npm install


## Dependencies

* [node.js](http://nodejs.org) 
* [googleclientlogin](https://github.com/Ajnasz/GoogleClientLogin)
* [xml2js](https://github.com/Leonidas-from-XIV/node-xml2js)
* [request](https://github.com/mikeal/request)

[npm](https://github.com/isaacs/npm) should take care of dependencies, but in case it fails to do so, try installing these modules (and *their* dependencies) independently.


## API
The API documentation is in `docs/API.md`. Also, see the examples for clarifications. 


## License
MIT License. See LICENSE.


## Conclusion
Google does not have an official Google Voice API. Therefore, the nature of the requests and returned data can change without notice. It is unlikely to change often or soon, but I will make all efforts to keep up with the most current implementation. If you have any issues, please give me a shout, and I'll do my best to address them.
